Update Aruba docs for REST API support (#13861)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_components/aruba.markdown

This platform allows you to detect presence by looking at connected devices to an [Aruba Instant](http://www.arubanetworks.com/products/networking/aruba-instant/) device.

> The integration supports both REST API (preferrered) and SSH collection methods.  In order to enable the REST method, you must enable it on your access point:
> 
> ```
> (Instant AP)# conf t
> (Instant AP)(config)# allow-rest-api
> (Instant AP)(config)# end
> (Instant AP)# commit-apply
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Let's move this into its own separate paragraph instead of stuffing it into the introduction text.

Additional 2 small textual suggestions changes:

````suggestion
The integration supports both REST API (preferred) and SSH collection methods. In order to enable the REST method, you must enable it on your access point:

```
(Instant AP)# conf t
(Instant AP)(config)# allow-rest-api
(Instant AP)(config)# end
(Instant AP)# commit-apply
```

````

Supported devices (tested):

- ARUBA AP-105

<p class='note warning'>
This device tracker needs telnet to be enabled on the router.

> </p>

Reviewer: Not sure about this removal?

Doesn't this mean it needs either the telnet or rest enabled?
Are any of those enabled by default?
